Getting started update and overhaul (#504)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/get-started/operate-iroha-via-cli.md

# Operate Iroha via CLI

In this tutorial, we will set up and configure the Iroha client CLI, and perform some basic actions on the Iroha blockchain with it.

You can learn how to:
  - register [domains](#_3-register-a-domain) and [accounts](#_4-register-an-account)

>   - [mint](#_6-register-and-mint-assets), [transfer](#_7-transfer-assets) and [burn](#_8-burn-assets) assets

Reviewer: register asset definitions too

Author: fixed in commit fec265d9a98b1d356133521d2320837db466d62f

  asset    The subcommand related to assets
  peer     The subcommand related to p2p networking
  events   The subcommand related to event streaming
  wasm     The subcommand related to Wasm
  blocks   The subcommand related to block streaming
  json     The subcommand related to multi-instructions as Json or Json5
  help     Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:
  -c, --config <PATH>  Path to the configuration file [default: client.toml]
  -v, --verbose        More verbose output
  -h, --help           Print help
  -V, --version        Print version

```

:::

By default, the Iroha client searches for its configuration in the `client.toml` file located in the current working directory. We already copied it there, so we're all set.

::: tip

To run any of the Iroha client commands with some other configuration file, use the following syntax:

```bash
$ iroha --config path/to/client.toml <COMMAND>
```

This is not _persistent configuration_: each time you run `iroha`, you must add the `--config path/to/client.toml` command-line argument, unless you put the `client.toml` config file in your working directory.

:::

> The account specified in the `[account]` section of `client.toml` is preregistered in the blockchain. Only it can interact with the blockchain for now. If you change the keys or the domain of the account in the config file, you should ensure they are preregistered in the blockchain too.

Reviewer: Would be helpful to clarify that this is configured in the default `genesis.json`

Author: fixed in commit fec265d9a98b1d356133521d2320837db466d62f

    "metadata": {}
  },
  {
    "id": "ed0120ABA0446CFBD4E12627FFA870FB37993ED83EB1AE0588184B90D832A64C24C379@looking_glass",
    "metadata": {}
  },
  {
    "id": "ed012004FF5B81046DDCCF19E2E451C45DFB6F53759D4EB30FA2EFA807284D1CC33016@wonderland",
    "metadata": {
      "key": "value"
    }
  },
  {
    "id": "ed0120CE7FA46C9DCE7EA4B125E2E36BDB63EA33073E7590AC92816AE1E861B7048B03@wonderland",
    "metadata": {
      "key": "value"
    }
  }
]
```
:::

## 5. Transfer a Domain

We could change the keys and domain in `client.toml` at this point and continue working with the account we just created, but we wouldn't be able to do much in the _looking_glass_ domain, as our new account is not the owner of _looking_glass_, and cannot manage it.

Let's transfer the _looking_glass_ domain to the account we created:

1. Run the transfer command:

  ```bash
  $ iroha domain transfer --id="looking_glass" --from "ed0120CE7FA46C9DCE7EA4B125E2E36BDB63EA33073E7590AC92816AE1E861B7048B03@wonderland" --to "ed0120ABA0446CFBD4E12627FFA870FB37993ED83EB1AE0588184B90D832A64C24C379@looking_glass"
  ```
2. Check that the ownership changed:

  ```bash
  $ iroha domain list all
  ```

> 3. Switch to the newly created account. For this, we need to modify the `public_key`, `private_key`, and `domain` in the `client.toml` config file with the ones we registered earlier.

Reviewer: Maybe it should be clarified that the domain is not necessarily the same as the domain we just transferred, but the domain of the account we want to act as.

Author: fixed in commit fec265d9a98b1d356133521d2320837db466d62f

  The `account` section of your updated `client.toml` should look like this:

  ```toml
  [account]
  domain = "looking_glass"
  public_key = "ed0120ABA0446CFBD4E12627FFA870FB37993ED83EB1AE0588184B90D832A64C24C379"
  private_key = "802620CBD3D701B561FE98463767729176404DC757D690F78980B8FDD40C171CCB8EB5"
  ```

::: tip
[Permissions](/guide/blockchain/permissions) determine accounts rights within Iroha. Domain owners have the most rights in a domain by default, but permission configuration in Iroha is very flexible and can be customized to your needs.
:::

> Now that we control the domain, we can mint assets in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we control the domain, we can define and manage assets in it.
```

Author: fixed in commit fec265d9a98b1d356133521d2320837db466d62f

## 6. Register and Mint Assets

> In order to mint assets, you need to register the [asset definition](/guide/blockchain/assets) first. We are going to register the _tea_ token within the _looking_glass_ network. To do that, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to mint an asset, you need to register its [asset definition](/guide/blockchain/assets) first. We are going to register the _tea_ token within the _looking_glass_ network. To do that, run:
```

We should avoid confusion between (fungible) asset definitions and assets. Asset definitions are blueprints, and assets are specific instances owned by accounts. NFTs will likely not have this distinction.

Author: fixed in commit fec265d9a98b1d356133521d2320837db466d62f
